grandma
I will definitely avenge you.
Mr. Li
The murderer is the wife's ex-boyfriend Jiang Yuhang
He insisted that his wife supported him in killing people
How do you deal with this matter?
Go and search
Mr. Li, Mr. Li
It's really called instruct me
He promised me that as long as I killed Chairperson Qin
He gave me a sum of money
Then send me abroad
Mr. Li, I told you everything I know
Mr. Li, I don't want to go to jail
I don't want to be here.
Let me go
Mr. Li
But according to my investigation
After you and Mingwei got out of the bar
Never seen again
And you also beat him for Wei Ziyue
He couldn't have asked someone to do such a thing
Because because he put
After Mayor Qin Dong found out that Ji Xue was pregnant
He will cancel the engagement between the two of you
So
So he sent me to kill Chairperson Qin
The child who started blood again hit like this
Is that so?
No one can threaten Mrs. Talley's position
Full of lies
Hit me to death
Hit him until he tells the truth
Mr. Li, Mr. Li, I'm telling the truth, Mr. Li
Ah!
Mr. Li is really looking directly at me
It's really called Look Me Directly